---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "azureml_datastore Resource - terraform-provider-azureml"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Manages a Datastore.
---

# azureml_datastore (Resource)

Manages a Datastore.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "azureml_datastore" "example" {
  resource_group_name = "example"
  workspace_name      = "example"
  name                = "example"
  description         = "example"
  storage_type        = "AzureBlob"

  storage_account_name   = "example"
  storage_container_name = "example"

  auth = {
    credentials_type = "AzureDataLakeGen2"
    client_id        = "client-id"
    client_secret    = "client-secret"
    tenant_id        = "tenant-id"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- **auth** (Block Set, Min: 1, Max: 1) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--auth))
- **name** (String) The name of the datastore.
- **resource_group_name** (String) The name of the resource group of the Azure ML Workspace to which the datastore belongs to.
- **storage_type** (String) The type of the storage to which the datstore is linked to. Possible values are: %!v(MISSING)
- **workspace_name** (String) The name of the Azure ML Workspace to which the datastore belongs to.

### Optional

- **description** (String) The description of the datastore.
- **is_default** (Boolean) Is the datastore the default datastore of the Azure ML Workspace?
- **storage_account_name** (String) The name of the Storage Account to which the datastore is linked to.
- **storage_container_name** (String) The name of the Storage Container to which the datastore is linked to.

### Read-Only

- **creation_date** (String) The timestamp corresponding to the creation of the datastore.
- **creation_user** (String) The user that created the datastore.
- **creation_user_type** (String) The kind of user that created the datastore (Service Principal or User).
- **id** (String) The ID of the datastore.
- **last_modified_date** (String) The timestamp corresponding to the last update of the datastore.
- **last_modified_user** (String) The user that last updated the datastore.
- **last_modified_user_type** (String) The kind of user that last updated the datastore (Service Principal or User).

<a id="nestedblock--auth"></a>
### Nested Schema for `auth`

Required:

- **credentials_type** (String) The type of credentials used for authenticating with the underlying storage. Possible values are: %!v(MISSING).

Optional:

- **account_key** (String, Sensitive) The primary key of the Storage Account linked to the datastore.
- **client_id** (String) The application ID of the service principal used for authenticating with the underlying storage of the datastore.
- **client_secret** (String, Sensitive) The client secret of the service principal used for authenticating with the underlying storage of the datastore.
- **sql_user_name** (String) The username of the identity used for authenticating with the SQL database linked to the storage account.
- **sql_user_password** (String, Sensitive) The password of the identity used for authenticating with the SQL database linked to the storage account.
- **tenant_id** (String) The ID of the tenant to which the Service Principal used for authenticating belongs to.


